docs(replay): Add MIGRATION.md & add badges to README.md (#6405)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: packages/replay/MIGRATION.md

> # Upgrading Replay from 0.6.x to 7.24.0

Reviewer: l: Should we add a sentence about the version jump? Added a suggestion but feel free to disregard/change

```suggestion
# Upgrading Replay from 0.6.x to 7.24.0

The Sentry Replay integration was moved to the Sentry JavaScript SDK monorepo. Hence we're jumping from version 0.x to the monorepo's 7.x version which is shared across all JS SDK packages.  
```

## Replay sample rates are defined on top level (https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/issues/6351)

Instead of defining the sample rates on the integration like this:

```js
Sentry.init({
  dsn: '__DSN__',
  integrations: [
    new Replay({
      sessionSampleRate: 0.1,
      errorSampleRate: 1.0,
    })
  ],
  // ...
});
```

They are now defined on the top level of the SDK:

```js
Sentry.init({
  dsn: '__DSN__',
  replaysSampleRate: 0.1,
  replaysOnErrorSampleRate: 1.0,
  integrations: [
    new Replay({
      // other replay config still goes in here
    })
  ],
});
```

> Note that the definition inside of `new Replay({})` has been deprecated and will be removed in a future update.

Reviewer: l: I think "definition" might be confusing to users. Should we say something like
```suggestion
Note that the sample rate options inside of `new Replay({})` have been deprecated and will be removed in a future update.
```

Author: Makes sense!

## Removed deprecated options (https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/pull/6370)

Two options, which have been deprecated for some time, have been removed:

* `replaysSamplingRate` - instead use `sessionSampleRate`

> * `captureOnlyOnError` - instead use `errorSampleRate`
> ## New bundle structure (https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/issues/6280)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `captureOnlyOnError` - instead use `errorSampleRate`

## New bundle structure (https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/issues/6280)
```

> * `captureOnlyOnError` - instead use `errorSampleRate`
> ## New bundle structure (https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/issues/6280)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `captureOnlyOnError` - instead use `errorSampleRate`
## New NPM package structure (https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/issues/6280)
```

> The internal structure of the npm bundle has changed. This is unlikely to affect you, unless you have imported something from e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The internal structure of the npm package has changed. This is unlikely to affect you, unless you have imported something from e.g.:
```
